# GraphQL changelog for 2019

GraphQL schema changes from 2019.

[2026](2026) · [2025](2025) · [2024](2024) · [2023](2023) · [2022](2022) · [2021](2021) · [2020](2020) · **2019** · [2018](2018) · [2017](2017)

## Schema changes for 2019-12-16

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field actor was added to object type UpdatePullRequestPayload
* Field actor was added to object type UpdateIssuePayload
* Field actor was added to object type UnlockLockablePayload
* Field actor was added to object type MergePullRequestPayload
* Field actor was added to object type LockLockablePayload
* Argument orderBy: LabelOrder added to field Repository.labels
* Argument orderBy: LabelOrder added to field Issue.labels
* Argument orderBy: LabelOrder added to field Labelable.labels
* Argument orderBy: LabelOrder added to field PullRequest.labels
* Type LabelOrderField was added
* Type LabelOrder was added

## Schema changes for 2019-12-11

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field createdAt was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert

## Schema changes for 2019-12-05

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field createdAt was added to object type SponsorsListing

## Schema changes for 2019-11-25

### The GitHub Packages preview includes these changes:

* Field statistics was added to object type PackageVersion
* Field statistics was added to object type Package
* Type PackageStatistics was added
* Type PackageVersionStatistics was added

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Organization.registryPackages: registryPackages will be removed. Use the PackageOwner object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member Organization.registryPackagesForQuery: registryPackagesForQuery will be removed. Use the PackageSearch object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.color: color will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.latestVersion: latestVersion will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.name: name will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.nameWithOwner: nameWithOwner will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.packageFileByGuid: packageFileByGuid will be removed. Use the Package object. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.packageFileBySha256: packageFileBySha256 will be removed. Use the Package object. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.packageType: packageType will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.preReleaseVersions: preReleaseVersions will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.registryPackageType: registryPackageType will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.repository: repository will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.statistics: statistics will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.tags: tags will be removed. Use the Package object. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.topics: topics will be removed. Use the Package object. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.version: version will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.versionByPlatform: versionByPlatform will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.versionBySha256: versionBySha256 will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.versions: versions will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackage.versionsByMetadatum: versionsByMetadatum will be removed. Use the Package object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageDependency.dependencyType: dependencyType will be removed. Use the PackageDependency object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageDependency.name: name will be removed. Use the PackageDependency object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageDependency.version: version will be removed. Use the PackageDependency object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.guid: guid will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.md5: md5 will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.metadataUrl: metadataUrl will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.name: name will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.packageVersion: packageVersion will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.sha1: sha1 will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.sha256: sha256 will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.size: size will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageFile.url: url will be removed. Use the PackageFile object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageOwner.registryPackages: registryPackages will be removed. Use the PackageOwner object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageSearch.registryPackagesForQuery: registryPackagesForQuery will be removed. Use the PackageSearch object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageStatistics.downloadsThisMonth: downloadsThisMonth will be removed. Use the PackageStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageStatistics.downloadsThisWeek: downloadsThisWeek will be removed. Use the PackageStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageStatistics.downloadsThisYear: downloadsThisYear will be removed. Use the PackageStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageStatistics.downloadsToday: downloadsToday will be removed. Use the PackageStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageStatistics.downloadsTotalCount: downloadsTotalCount will be removed. Use the PackageStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageTag.name: name will be removed. Use the PackageTag object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageTag.version: version will be removed. Use the PackageTag object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.deleted: deleted will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.dependencies: dependencies will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.fileByName: fileByName will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.files: files will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.installationCommand: installationCommand will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.manifest: manifest will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.platform: platform will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.preRelease: preRelease will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.readme: readme will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.readmeHtml: readmeHtml will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.registryPackage: registryPackage will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.release: release will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.sha256: sha256 will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.size: size will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.statistics: statistics will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.summary: summary will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.updatedAt: updatedAt will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.version: version will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersion.viewerCanEdit: viewerCanEdit will be removed. Use the PackageVersion object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersionStatistics.downloadsThisMonth: downloadsThisMonth will be removed. Use the PackageVersionStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersionStatistics.downloadsThisWeek: downloadsThisWeek will be removed. Use the PackageVersionStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersionStatistics.downloadsThisYear: downloadsThisYear will be removed. Use the PackageVersionStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersionStatistics.downloadsToday: downloadsToday will be removed. Use the PackageVersionStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member RegistryPackageVersionStatistics.downloadsTotalCount: downloadsTotalCount will be removed. Use the PackageVersionStatistics object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member Repository.registryPackages: registryPackages will be removed. Use the PackageOwner object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member Repository.registryPackagesForQuery: registryPackagesForQuery will be removed. Use the PackageSearch object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member User.registryPackages: registryPackages will be removed. Use the PackageOwner object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.
* On member User.registryPackagesForQuery: registryPackagesForQuery will be removed. Use the PackageSearch object instead. Effective 2020-04-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-11-22

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field unarchiveRepository was added to object type Mutation
* Field archiveRepository was added to object type Mutation
* Field fundingLinks was added to object type Repository
* Type UpdateTeamReviewAssignmentPayload was added
* Type UnarchiveRepositoryInput was added
* Type UnarchiveRepositoryPayload was added
* Type ArchiveRepositoryInput was added
* Type ArchiveRepositoryPayload was added
* Type FundingPlatform was added
* Type FundingLink was added

### The [Team Review Assignments Preview preview](/en/graphql/overview/schema-previews#team-review-assignments-preview) includes these changes:

* Field updateTeamReviewAssignment was added to object type Mutation
* Field reviewRequestDelegationNotifyTeam was added to object type Team
* Field reviewRequestDelegationMemberCount was added to object type Team
* Field reviewRequestDelegationEnabled was added to object type Team
* Field reviewRequestDelegationAlgorithm was added to object type Team
* Type UpdateTeamReviewAssignmentInput was added
* Type TeamReviewAssignmentAlgorithm was added

## Schema changes for 2019-11-19

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field hasProjectsEnabled was added to object type RepositoryInfo
* Field hasProjectsEnabled was added to object type Repository

## Schema changes for 2019-11-06

### The [Update refs preview](/en/graphql/overview/schema-previews#update-refs-preview) includes these changes:

* Field updateRefs was added to object type Mutation
* Type GitRefname was added
* Type RefUpdate was added
* Type UpdateRefsInput was added
* Type UpdateRefsPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-10-31

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Input field field was added to input object type SponsorshipOrder
* Repository object implements PackageOwner interface
* User object implements PackageOwner interface
* Organization object implements PackageOwner interface
* Field tiers was added to object type SponsorsListing
* Field adminInfo was added to object type SponsorsTier
* Field sponsorsListing was added to object type Sponsorable
* Field sponsorsListing was added to object type User
* Field sponsorsListing was added to object type Organization
* Type SponsorsTierOrderField was added
* Type SponsorsTierOrder was added
* Type SponsorshipOrderField was added
* Type SponsorsTierAdminInfo was added
* Type SponsorsTierConnection was added
* Type PackageVersionEdge was added
* Type PackageVersionConnection was added
* Type PackageFileEdge was added
* Type PackageFileConnection was added
* Type PackageEdge was added
* Type PackageConnection was added

### The GitHub Packages preview includes these changes:

* Field packages was added to object type Repository
* Field packages was added to object type User
* Field packages was added to object type Organization
* Type PackageTag was added
* Type PackageVersionOrderField was added
* Type PackageVersionOrder was added
* Type PackageOrderField was added
* Type PackageOrder was added
* Type PackageFileOrderField was added
* Type PackageFileOrder was added
* Type PackageFile was added
* Type PackageVersion was added
* Type Package was added
* Type PackageOwner was added

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Query.sponsorsListing: sponsorsListing will be removed. Use Sponsorable.sponsorsListing instead. Effective 2020-04-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-10-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field tier was added to object type Sponsorship
* Type SponsorsTierEdge was added
* Type SponsorsTier was added

## Schema changes for 2019-10-09

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument query: String added to field Repository.mentionableUsers

## Schema changes for 2019-09-24

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field unfollowUser was added to object type Mutation
* Type UnfollowUserInput was added
* Type UnfollowUserPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-09-20

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Organization object implements Sponsorable interface
* Field followUser was added to object type Mutation
* Field sponsorshipsAsSponsor was added to object type Organization
* Field sponsorshipsAsMaintainer was added to object type Organization
* Type FollowUserInput was added
* Type FollowUserPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-09-19

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member OrgCreateAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Enum value COMPOSER was added to enum SecurityAdvisoryEcosystem
* Field email was added to object type Mannequin
* Type OrgCreateAuditEntryBillingPlan was added
* Type OrgCreateAuditEntry was added

## Schema changes for 2019-09-17

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Repository object implements RegistryPackageSearch interface
* Field registryPackagesForQuery was added to object type Repository

## Schema changes for 2019-09-14

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument query: String added to field Repository.assignableUsers

## Schema changes for 2019-09-12

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument query: String added to field Repository.collaborators

## Schema changes for 2019-09-10

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field updatedAt was added to object type Organization
* Field createdAt was added to object type Organization

## Schema changes for 2019-09-08

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument skip: Int added to field PullRequestReviewThread.comments

## Schema changes for 2019-09-05

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Input field mergeMethod was added to input object type MergePullRequestInput
* Field operationType was added to object type TeamRemoveRepositoryAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type TeamRemoveMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type TeamChangeParentTeamAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type TeamAddRepositoryAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type TeamAddMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoRemoveTopicAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoRemoveMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoDestroyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoCreateAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigUnlockAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigLockAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigEnableSockpuppetDisallowedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigEnableContributorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigEnableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigEnableAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigDisableSockpuppetDisallowedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigDisableContributorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigDisableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoConfigDisableAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoChangeMergeSettingAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoArchivedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoAddTopicAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoAddMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type RepoAccessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgUpdateMemberRepositoryInvitationPermissionAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgUpdateMemberRepositoryCreationPermissionAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgUpdateMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgUpdateDefaultRepositoryPermissionAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgUnblockUserAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgRestoreMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgRemoveOutsideCollaboratorAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgRemoveMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgRemoveBillingManagerAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgOauthAppAccessRequestedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgOauthAppAccessDeniedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgOauthAppAccessApprovedAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgInviteMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgEnableTwoFactorRequirementAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgEnableSamlAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgEnableOauthAppRestrictionsAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgDisableTwoFactorRequirementAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgDisableSamlAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgDisableOauthAppRestrictionsAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgConfigEnableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgConfigDisableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgBlockUserAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgAddMemberAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OrgAddBillingManagerAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type OauthApplicationCreateAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type AuditEntry
* Field operationType was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Field descriptionHTML was added to object type Organization
* Type PullRequestMergeMethod was added
* Type OperationType was added

## Schema changes for 2019-08-29

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field topRepositories was added to object type User

## Schema changes for 2019-08-27

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field preRelease was added to object type RegistryPackageVersion

## Schema changes for 2019-08-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member App was added to Union type PushAllowanceActor

## Schema changes for 2019-08-21

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field shortDescriptionHTML was added to object type Release
* Field descriptionHTML was added to object type Release

## Schema changes for 2019-08-15

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field removeEnterpriseIdentityProvider was removed from object type Mutation
* Type RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput was removed
* Type RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderPayload was removed
* Enum value ARCHIVED was added to enum CommentCannotUpdateReason

## Schema changes for 2019-08-13

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field setEnterpriseIdentityProvider was removed from object type Mutation
* Type SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput was removed
* Type SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderPayload was removed

## Schema changes for 2019-08-09

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field transferIssue was added to object type Mutation
* Type TransferIssueInput was added
* Type TransferIssuePayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-08-08

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member RepoRemoveTopicAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Union member RepoDestroyAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Union member RepoCreateAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Union member RepoChangeMergeSettingAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Union member RepoArchivedAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Union member RepoAddTopicAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
* Type UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseTeamDiscussionsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseTeamDiscussionsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseProfileInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseProfilePayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseAdministratorRoleInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseAdministratorRolePayload was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseActionExecutionCapabilitySettingInput was added
* Type UpdateEnterpriseActionExecutionCapabilitySettingPayload was added
* Type SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput was added
* Type SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderPayload was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseOrganizationInput was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseOrganizationPayload was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderPayload was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseAdminInput was added
* Type RemoveEnterpriseAdminPayload was added
* Type RegenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesInput was added
* Type RegenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesPayload was added
* Type InviteEnterpriseAdminInput was added
* Type InviteEnterpriseAdminPayload was added
* Type CreateEnterpriseOrganizationInput was added
* Type CreateEnterpriseOrganizationPayload was added
* Type CancelEnterpriseAdminInvitationInput was added
* Type CancelEnterpriseAdminInvitationPayload was added
* Type AcceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitationInput was added
* Type AcceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitationPayload was added
* Type EnterpriseUserAccountEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseUserAccountConnection was added
* Type IdentityProviderConfigurationState was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseRepositoryInfoEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseRepositoryInfoConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseServerInstallationEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseServerInstallationConnection was added
* Type RepoRemoveTopicAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoDestroyAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoDestroyAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoCreateAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoCreateAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoChangeMergeSettingAuditEntryMergeType was added
* Type RepoChangeMergeSettingAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoArchivedAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoArchivedAuditEntry was added
* Type TopicAuditEntryData was added
* Type RepoAddTopicAuditEntry was added

### The Enterprise accounts preview includes these changes:

* Field updateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseTeamDiscussionsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseProfile was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseAdministratorRole was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateEnterpriseActionExecutionCapabilitySetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field setEnterpriseIdentityProvider was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeEnterpriseOrganization was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeEnterpriseIdentityProvider was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeEnterpriseAdmin was added to object type Mutation
* Field regenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodes was added to object type Mutation
* Field inviteEnterpriseAdmin was added to object type Mutation
* Field createEnterpriseOrganization was added to object type Mutation
* Field cancelEnterpriseAdminInvitation was added to object type Mutation
* Field acceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitation was added to object type Mutation
* Field enterpriseAdministratorInvitationByToken was added to object type Query
* Field enterpriseAdministratorInvitation was added to object type Query
* Field enterprise was added to object type Query
* Type EnterpriseOrderField was added
* Type ActionExecutionCapabilitySetting was added
* Type EnterpriseEnabledSettingValue was added
* Type SamlSignatureAlgorithm was added
* Type SamlDigestAlgorithm was added
* Type EnterpriseIdentityProvider was added
* Type EnterprisePendingMemberInvitationEdge was added
* Type EnterprisePendingMemberInvitationConnection was added
* Type RepositoryInvitationOrderField was added
* Type RepositoryInvitationOrder was added
* Type EnterprisePendingCollaboratorEdge was added
* Type EnterprisePendingCollaboratorConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorInvitation was added
* Type EnterpriseRepositoryInfo was added
* Type EnterpriseOutsideCollaboratorEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseOutsideCollaboratorConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingValue was added
* Type OrganizationMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingValue was added
* Type EnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingValue was added
* Type EnterpriseServerInstallationOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseServerInstallationOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadSyncState was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUpload was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmail was added
* Type EnterpriseServerUserAccount was added
* Type EnterpriseServerInstallation was added
* Type EnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingValue was added
* Type EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorRole was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseAdministratorConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseOwnerInfo was added
* Type EnterpriseMemberOrderField was added
* Type EnterpriseMemberOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseUserDeployment was added
* Type OrganizationOrderField was added
* Type OrganizationOrder was added
* Type EnterpriseUserAccountMembershipRole was added
* Type EnterpriseOrganizationMembershipEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseOrganizationMembershipConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseUserAccount was added
* Type EnterpriseMember was added
* Type EnterpriseMemberEdge was added
* Type EnterpriseMemberConnection was added
* Type EnterpriseBillingInfo was added
* Type Enterprise was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-31

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value MARKED\_AS\_DUPLICATE\_EVENT was added to enum IssueTimelineItemsItemType
* Union member MarkedAsDuplicateEvent was added to Union type IssueTimelineItems
* Enum value MARKED\_AS\_DUPLICATE\_EVENT was added to enum PullRequestTimelineItemsItemType
* Union member MarkedAsDuplicateEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItems
* Argument publicOnly: Boolean added to field RegistryPackageOwner.registryPackages
* Argument publicOnly: Boolean added to field Repository.registryPackages
* Argument publicOnly: Boolean added to field User.registryPackages
* Argument publicOnly: Boolean added to field Organization.registryPackages
* Type IssueOrPullRequestEdge was added
* Type MarkedAsDuplicateEvent was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-29

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* User object implements Sponsorable interface
* Field sponsorshipsAsSponsor was added to object type User
* Field sponsorshipsAsMaintainer was added to object type User
* Type SponsorshipOrder was added
* Type SponsorshipPrivacy was added
* Type Sponsorship was added
* Type SponsorshipEdge was added
* Type SponsorshipConnection was added
* Type Sponsorable was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-26

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field registryPackagesForQuery was added to object type RegistryPackageSearch
* Field registryPackages was added to object type RegistryPackageOwner
* Field registryPackages was added to object type Repository
* Field registryPackagesForQuery was added to object type User
* Field registryPackages was added to object type User
* Field registryPackagesForQuery was added to object type Organization
* Field registryPackages was added to object type Organization
* Type RegistryPackageMetadatum was added
* Type RegistryPackageTag was added
* Type RegistryPackageTagEdge was added
* Type RegistryPackageTagConnection was added
* Type RegistryPackageStatistics was added
* Type RegistryPackageVersionEdge was added
* Type RegistryPackageVersionConnection was added
* Type RegistryPackageType was added
* Type RegistryPackageVersionStatistics was added
* Type RegistryPackageFileEdge was added
* Type RegistryPackageFileConnection was added
* Type RegistryPackageFile was added
* Type RegistryPackageDependencyType was added
* Type RegistryPackageDependency was added
* Type RegistryPackageDependencyEdge was added
* Type RegistryPackageDependencyConnection was added
* Type RegistryPackageVersion was added
* Type RegistryPackage was added
* Type RegistryPackageEdge was added
* Type RegistryPackageConnection was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-24

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member Bot was added to Union type Assignee
* Field emojiHTML was added to object type UserStatus

### The [Checks preview](/en/graphql/overview/schema-previews#checks-preview) includes these changes:

* Field url was added to object type CheckSuite
* Field resourcePath was added to object type CheckSuite

## Schema changes for 2019-07-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Input field repositoryIds was added to input object type CreateProjectInput
* Field unlinkRepositoryFromProject was added to object type Mutation
* Field linkRepositoryToProject was added to object type Mutation
* Type UnlinkRepositoryFromProjectInput was added
* Type UnlinkRepositoryFromProjectPayload was added
* Type LinkRepositoryToProjectInput was added
* Type LinkRepositoryToProjectPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-19

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument ignoreTimeRange: Boolean was removed from field ContributionsCollection.joinedGitHubContribution
* Argument ignoreTimeRange: Boolean was removed from field ContributionsCollection.firstRepositoryContribution
* Argument ignoreTimeRange: Boolean was removed from field ContributionsCollection.firstPullRequestContribution
* Argument ignoreTimeRange: Boolean was removed from field ContributionsCollection.firstIssueContribution
* Field messageHtml was removed from object type ReviewDismissedEvent
* Field message was removed from object type ReviewDismissedEvent
* Field members was removed from object type Organization
* Gist object implements UniformResourceLocatable interface
* Field assignee was added to object type UnassignedEvent
* Field assignee was added to object type AssignedEvent
* Field url was added to object type Gist
* Field resourcePath was added to object type Gist
* Field savedReplies was added to object type User
* Field sponsorsListing was added to object type Query
* Type SponsorsListing was added
* Type SavedReplyOrderField was added
* Type SavedReplyOrder was added
* Type SavedReply was added
* Type SavedReplyEdge was added
* Type SavedReplyConnection was added
* Type Assignee was added

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member AssignedEvent.user: user will be removed. Use the assignee field instead. Effective 2020-01-01.
* On member UnassignedEvent.user: user will be removed. Use the assignee field instead. Effective 2020-01-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-07-17

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Type BusinessAuditEntryData was removed
* Input field template was added to input object type CreateProjectInput
* Field updateRepository was added to object type Mutation
* Field mergeBranch was added to object type Mutation
* Type UpdateRepositoryInput was added
* Type UpdateRepositoryPayload was added
* Type MergeBranchInput was added
* Type MergeBranchPayload was added
* Type ProjectTemplate was added

### The Audit Log preview includes these changes:

* Field businessUrl was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* Field businessUrl was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Field businessSlug was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Field businessResourcePath was removed from object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry object type no longer implements BusinessAuditEntryData interface
* RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry object implements EnterpriseAuditEntryData interface
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseUrl was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseSlug was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Field enterpriseResourcePath was added to object type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry
* Type EnterpriseAuditEntryData was added

## Schema changes for 2019-07-04

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value READY\_FOR\_REVIEW\_EVENT was added to enum PullRequestTimelineItemsItemType
* Union member ReadyForReviewEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItems
* Type ReadyForReviewEvent was added

## Schema changes for 2019-06-28

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field updateRef was added to object type Mutation
* Field deleteRef was added to object type Mutation
* Field createRef was added to object type Mutation
* Type UpdateRefInput was added
* Type UpdateRefPayload was added
* Type DeleteRefInput was added
* Type DeleteRefPayload was added
* Type CreateRefInput was added
* Type CreateRefPayload was added

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Organization.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryOwner.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.affectedRange: affectedRange will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.vulnerableVersionRange instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalIdentifier: externalIdentifier will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.identifiers instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalReference: externalReference will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.references instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.fixedIn: fixedIn will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.firstPatchedVersion instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.packageName: packageName will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.package instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member User.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-10-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-06-26

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field createRepository was added to object type Mutation
* Type CreateRepositoryInput was added
* Type CreateRepositoryPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-06-25

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field PublicKey.updatedAt changed type from DateTime! to DateTime
* Field PublicKey.isReadOnly changed type from Boolean! to Boolean
* Field PublicKey.createdAt changed type from DateTime! to DateTime
* Field PublicKey.fingerprint changed type from String to String!
* Field issuePrioritiesDebug was added to object type Milestone

## Schema changes for 2019-06-19

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member App was added to Union type SearchResultItem
* Field cloneTemplateRepository was added to object type Mutation
* Field isTemplate was added to object type RepositoryInfo
* Field templateRepository was added to object type Repository
* Field isTemplate was added to object type Repository
* Type RepositoryVisibility was added
* Type CloneTemplateRepositoryInput was added
* Type CloneTemplateRepositoryPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-06-14

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Input field ContributionOrder.field changed type from ContributionOrderField! to ContributionOrderField

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member ContributionOrder.field: field will be removed. Only one order field is supported. Effective 2019-10-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-06-13

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument oid: GitObjectID added to field Gist.files
* Field forks was added to object type Gist

## Schema changes for 2019-06-12

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value USER was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Enum value TEAM was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Enum value PULL\_REQUEST was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Enum value PROJECT was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Enum value ORGANIZATION was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Field requiresCodeOwnerReviews was added to object type BranchProtectionRule

### The [Labels Preview preview](/en/graphql/overview/schema-previews#labels-preview) includes these changes:

* Input field description was added to input object type UpdateLabelInput
* Input field description was added to input object type CreateLabelInput

## Schema changes for 2019-06-04

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Issue.timeline: timeline will be removed. Use Issue.timelineItems instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member PullRequest.timeline: timeline will be removed. Use PullRequest.timelineItems instead. Effective 2019-10-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-05-31

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Input field expiresAt was added to input object type ChangeUserStatusInput
* Field avatarUrl was added to object type StatusContext
* Field expiresAt was added to object type UserStatus

## Schema changes for 2019-05-29

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value TRIAGE was added to enum RepositoryPermission
* Enum value MAINTAIN was added to enum RepositoryPermission
* Field openGraphImageUrl was added to object type Repository
* Field openGraphImageUrl was added to object type RepositoryInfo
* Field usesCustomOpenGraphImage was added to object type Repository
* Field usesCustomOpenGraphImage was added to object type RepositoryInfo

## Schema changes for 2019-05-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Type OrganizationAuditEntryEdge was added
* Type OrganizationAuditEntryConnection was added

### The Audit Log preview includes these changes:

* Field auditLog was added to object type Organization
* Type AuditLogOrderField was added
* Type AuditLogOrder was added
* Type TeamRemoveRepositoryAuditEntry was added
* Type TeamRemoveMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type TeamChangeParentTeamAuditEntry was added
* Type TeamAddRepositoryAuditEntry was added
* Type TeamAddMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type RepositoryVisibilityChangeEnableAuditEntry was added
* Type RepositoryVisibilityChangeDisableAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoRemoveMemberAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoRemoveMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigUnlockAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigLockAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigEnableSockpuppetDisallowedAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigEnableContributorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigEnableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigEnableAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigDisableSockpuppetDisallowedAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigDisableContributorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigDisableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoConfigDisableAnonymousGitAccessAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoAddMemberAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoAddMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type RepoAccessAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type RepoAccessAuditEntry was added
* Type PrivateRepositoryForkingEnableAuditEntry was added
* Type PrivateRepositoryForkingDisableAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgUpdateMemberRepositoryInvitationPermissionAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgUpdateMemberRepositoryCreationPermissionAuditEntryVisibility was added
* Type OrgUpdateMemberRepositoryCreationPermissionAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgUpdateMemberAuditEntryPermission was added
* Type OrgUpdateMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgUpdateDefaultRepositoryPermissionAuditEntryPermission was added
* Type OrgUpdateDefaultRepositoryPermissionAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgUnblockUserAuditEntry was added
* Type TeamAuditEntryData was added
* Type OrgRestoreMemberMembershipTeamAuditEntryData was added
* Type RepositoryAuditEntryData was added
* Type OrgRestoreMemberMembershipRepositoryAuditEntryData was added
* Type OrgRestoreMemberMembershipOrganizationAuditEntryData was added
* Type OrgRestoreMemberAuditEntryMembership was added
* Type OrgRestoreMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgRemoveOutsideCollaboratorAuditEntryReason was added
* Type OrgRemoveOutsideCollaboratorAuditEntryMembershipType was added
* Type OrgRemoveOutsideCollaboratorAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgRemoveMemberAuditEntryReason was added
* Type OrgRemoveMemberAuditEntryMembershipType was added
* Type OrgRemoveMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgRemoveBillingManagerAuditEntryReason was added
* Type OrgRemoveBillingManagerAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgOauthAppAccessRequestedAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgOauthAppAccessDeniedAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgOauthAppAccessApprovedAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgInviteToBusinessAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgInviteMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgEnableTwoFactorRequirementAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgEnableSamlAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgEnableOauthAppRestrictionsAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgDisableTwoFactorRequirementAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgDisableSamlAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgDisableOauthAppRestrictionsAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgConfigEnableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgConfigDisableCollaboratorsOnlyAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgBlockUserAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgAddMemberAuditEntryPermission was added
* Type OrgAddMemberAuditEntry was added
* Type OrgAddBillingManagerAuditEntry was added
* Type OauthApplicationCreateAuditEntryState was added
* Type OauthApplicationAuditEntryData was added
* Type OauthApplicationCreateAuditEntry was added
* Type MembersCanDeleteReposEnableAuditEntry was added
* Type MembersCanDeleteReposDisableAuditEntry was added
* Type OrganizationAuditEntryData was added
* Type BusinessAuditEntryData was added
* Type PreciseDateTime was added
* Type ActorLocation was added
* Type AuditEntryActor was added
* Type AuditEntry was added
* Type MembersCanDeleteReposClearAuditEntry was added
* Type OrganizationAuditEntry was added

## Schema changes for 2019-05-13

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value ISSUE was added to enum PinnableItemType
* Field origin was added to object type SecurityAdvisory

## Schema changes for 2019-05-09

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Union member Mannequin was added to Union type RequestedReviewer
* Type Mannequin was added

## Schema changes for 2019-04-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field isArchived was added to object type MarketplaceListing

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member MarketplaceListing.hasApprovalBeenRequested: hasApprovalBeenRequested will be removed. Use isVerificationPendingFromDraft instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member MarketplaceListing.isApproved: isApproved will be removed. Use isPublic instead. Effective 2019-10-01.
* On member MarketplaceListing.isDelisted: isDelisted will be removed. Use isArchived instead. Effective 2019-10-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-04-10

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field permissionSources was added to object type RepositoryCollaboratorEdge
* Type PermissionGranter was added
* Type PermissionSource was added

## Schema changes for 2019-04-04

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value USER\_BLOCKED\_EVENT was added to enum IssueTimelineItemsItemType
* Union member UserBlockedEvent was added to Union type IssueTimelineItems
* Union member UserBlockedEvent was added to Union type IssueTimelineItem
* Enum value USER\_BLOCKED\_EVENT was added to enum PullRequestTimelineItemsItemType
* Union member UserBlockedEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItems
* Union member UserBlockedEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItem
* Field isDisabled was added to object type Repository
* Type UserBlockDuration was added
* Type UserBlockedEvent was added

## Schema changes for 2019-03-30

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* User object implements ProfileOwner interface
* Organization object implements ProfileOwner interface
* Field viewerCanChangePinnedItems was added to object type User
* Field pinnedItemsRemaining was added to object type User
* Field pinnedItems was added to object type User
* Field pinnableItems was added to object type User
* Field itemShowcase was added to object type User
* Field anyPinnableItems was added to object type User
* Field viewerCanChangePinnedItems was added to object type Organization
* Field pinnedItemsRemaining was added to object type Organization
* Field pinnedItems was added to object type Organization
* Field pinnableItems was added to object type Organization
* Field itemShowcase was added to object type Organization
* Field anyPinnableItems was added to object type Organization
* Type PinnableItem was added
* Type PinnableItemEdge was added
* Type PinnableItemConnection was added
* Type ProfileItemShowcase was added
* Type PinnableItemType was added
* Type ProfileOwner was added

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Organization.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryOwner.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member User.pinnedRepositories: pinnedRepositories will be removed. Use ProfileOwner.pinnedItems instead. Effective 2019-07-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-03-29

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field cloneProject was added to object type Mutation
* Type CloneProjectInput was added
* Type CloneProjectPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-03-23

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member Repository.protectedBranches: protectedBranches will be removed. Use Repository.branchProtectionRules instead. Effective 2019-01-01.
* On member Migration.uploadUrlTemplate: uploadUrlTemplate will be removed. Use uploadUrl instead. Effective 2019-04-01.
* On member Organization.members: members will be removed. Use Organization.membersWithRole instead. Effective 2019-04-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.firstIssueContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.firstPullRequestContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.firstRepositoryContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.joinedGitHubContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.affectedRange: affectedRange will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.vulnerableVersionRange instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalIdentifier: externalIdentifier will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.identifiers instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalReference: externalReference will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.references instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.fixedIn: fixedIn will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.firstPatchedVersion instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.packageName: packageName will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.package instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ReviewDismissedEvent.message: message will be removed. Use dismissalMessage instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ReviewDismissedEvent.messageHtml: messageHtml will be removed. Use dismissalMessageHTML instead. Effective 2019-07-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-03-21

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field baseRepository was added to object type PullRequest

## Schema changes for 2019-03-19

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member ContributionsCollection.firstIssueContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.firstPullRequestContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.firstRepositoryContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ContributionsCollection.joinedGitHubContribution.ignoreTimeRange: ignoreTimeRange will be removed. Use a ContributionsCollection starting sufficiently far back Effective 2019-07-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-03-08

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field associatedPullRequests was added to object type Commit
* Type PullRequestOrder was added

## Schema changes for 2019-03-06

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field pullRequestReviewContributionsByRepository was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Field pullRequestContributionsByRepository was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Field issueContributionsByRepository was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type PullRequestReviewContributionsByRepository was added
* Type PullRequestContributionsByRepository was added
* Type IssueContributionsByRepository was added

### The Unified business identity preview includes these changes:

* Field pendingCollaborators was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field outsideCollaborators was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field members was added to object type Business
* Type BusinessMemberEdge was added
* Type BusinessMemberConnection was added
* Type RepositoryInvitationOrder was added
* Type BusinessPendingCollaboratorEdge was added
* Type BusinessPendingCollaboratorConnection was added
* Type BusinessRepositoryInfoEdge was added
* Type BusinessRepositoryInfoConnection was added
* Type BusinessOutsideCollaboratorEdge was added
* Type BusinessOutsideCollaboratorConnection was added

## Schema changes for 2019-03-04

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field updateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSetting was removed from object type Mutation
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingInput was removed
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingPayload was removed
* Field pullRequestReviewContributions was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Field contributionYears was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type CreatedPullRequestReviewContribution was added
* Type CreatedPullRequestReviewContributionEdge was added
* Type CreatedPullRequestReviewContributionConnection was added

### The Unified business identity preview includes these changes:

* Argument orderBy: BusinessMemberInvitationOrder added to field BusinessBillingInfo.pendingBillingManagerInvitations
* Argument orderBy: OrganizationInvitationOrder added to field BusinessAdminInfo.pendingMemberInvitations
* Argument orderBy: BusinessMemberInvitationOrder added to field BusinessAdminInfo.pendingAdminInvitations
* Type RepositoryInvitationOrderField was added
* Type OrganizationInvitationOrderField was added
* Type OrganizationInvitationOrder was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitationOrderField was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitationOrder was added

## Schema changes for 2019-03-02

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Argument orderBy: ContributionOrder added to field ContributionsCollection.issueContributions
* Field repositoryContributions was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type CreatedRepositoryContributionEdge was added
* Type CreatedRepositoryContributionConnection was added

## Schema changes for 2019-02-26

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field OrganizationMemberEdge.hasTwoFactorEnabled changed type from Boolean! to Boolean

## Schema changes for 2019-02-23

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field language was added to object type GistFile
* Field isTruncated was added to object type GistFile
* Field isImage was added to object type GistFile
* Field extension was added to object type GistFile
* Field encodedName was added to object type GistFile
* Type IdentityProviderConfigurationState was added

### The Unified business identity preview includes these changes:

* Field samlIdentityProviderSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field actionExecutionCapabilitySettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Argument query: String added to field Business.organizations

## Schema changes for 2019-02-21

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value DRAFT was added to enum MergeStateStatus
* Field isVerified was added to object type MarketplaceListing
* Field isVerificationPendingFromUnverified was added to object type MarketplaceListing
* Field isVerificationPendingFromDraft was added to object type MarketplaceListing
* Field isUnverifiedPending was added to object type MarketplaceListing
* Field isUnverified was added to object type MarketplaceListing
* Field isPublic was added to object type MarketplaceListing

## Schema changes for 2019-02-20

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field contributions was added to object type CommitContributionsByRepository
* Field pullRequestContributions was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Field firstRepositoryContribution was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type ContributionOrderField was added
* Type ContributionOrder was added
* Type CreatedPullRequestContributionConnection was added
* Type CreatedRepositoryContribution was added
* Type CreatedRepositoryOrRestrictedContribution was added
* Type CommitContributionOrderField was added
* Type CommitContributionOrder was added
* Type CreatedCommitContribution was added
* Type CreatedCommitContributionEdge was added
* Type CreatedCommitContributionConnection was added

## Schema changes for 2019-02-15

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field isFork was added to object type Gist
* Field files was added to object type Gist
* Field commitContributionsByRepository was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type GistFile was added
* Type CommitContributionsByRepository was added

### The Draft Pull Requests Preview preview includes these changes:

* Input field draft was added to input object type CreatePullRequestInput
* Field markPullRequestReadyForReview was added to object type Mutation
* Field isDraft was added to object type PullRequest
* Type MarkPullRequestReadyForReviewInput was added
* Type MarkPullRequestReadyForReviewPayload was added

## Schema changes for 2019-02-13

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Organization object implements MemberStatusable interface
* Team object implements MemberStatusable interface
* User object implements ProjectOwner interface
* Field changeUserStatus was added to object type Mutation
* Field memberStatuses was added to object type Organization
* Field memberStatuses was added to object type Team
* Field viewerCanCreateProjects was added to object type User
* Field status was added to object type User
* Field projectsUrl was added to object type User
* Field projectsResourcePath was added to object type User
* Field projects was added to object type User
* Field project was added to object type User
* Type ChangeUserStatusInput was added
* Type ChangeUserStatusPayload was added
* Type UserStatusOrderField was added
* Type UserStatusOrder was added
* Type UserStatus was added
* Type UserStatusEdge was added
* Type UserStatusConnection was added
* Type MemberStatusable was added

## Schema changes for 2019-02-12

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field updatedAt was added to object type PublicKey
* Field isReadOnly was added to object type PublicKey
* Field fingerprint was added to object type PublicKey
* Field createdAt was added to object type PublicKey
* Field accessedAt was added to object type PublicKey
* Field hasTwoFactorEnabled was added to object type OrganizationMemberEdge
* Type SetBusinessIdentityProviderInput was added
* Type SetBusinessIdentityProviderPayload was added
* Type RemoveBusinessIdentityProviderInput was added
* Type RemoveBusinessIdentityProviderPayload was added
* Type RegenerateBusinessIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesInput was added
* Type RegenerateBusinessIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesPayload was added

### The Unified business identity preview includes these changes:

* Field setBusinessIdentityProvider was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeBusinessIdentityProvider was added to object type Mutation
* Field regenerateBusinessIdentityProviderRecoveryCodes was added to object type Mutation
* Field twoFactorRequiredSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field teamDiscussionsSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field samlIdentityProvider was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field repositoryProjectsSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field organizationProjectsSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field membersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field membersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field membersCanDeleteIssuesSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field membersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field membersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field defaultRepositoryPermissionSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Field allowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingOrganizations was added to object type BusinessAdminInfo
* Type SamlSignatureAlgorithm was added
* Type SamlDigestAlgorithm was added
* Type BusinessIdentityProvider was added
* Type OrganizationMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingValue was added

## Schema changes for 2019-02-09

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Default value for argument orderBy on field Commit.deployments changed from {"field"=>"CREATED\_AT", "direction"=>"DESC"} to {"field"=>"CREATED\_AT", "direction"=>"ASC"}
* Default value for argument orderBy on field Repository.deployments changed from {"field"=>"CREATED\_AT", "direction"=>"DESC"} to {"field"=>"CREATED\_AT", "direction"=>"ASC"}

## Schema changes for 2019-02-07

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Type DefaultRepositoryPermissionField was added

### The Repository Vulnerability Alerts preview includes these changes:

* Field RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalReference changed type from String to String!
* Field vulnerableRequirements was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert
* Field vulnerableManifestPath was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert
* Field vulnerableManifestFilename was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert
* Field securityVulnerability was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert
* Field securityAdvisory was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.affectedRange: affectedRange will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.vulnerableVersionRange instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalIdentifier: externalIdentifier will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.identifiers instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.externalReference: externalReference will be removed. Use securityAdvisory.references instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.fixedIn: fixedIn will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.firstPatchedVersion instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.packageName: packageName will be removed. Use securityVulnerability.package instead. Effective 2019-07-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-02-06

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value QUEUED was added to enum DeploymentStatusState
* Enum value IN\_PROGRESS was added to enum DeploymentStatusState
* Field dismissalMessageHTML was added to object type ReviewDismissedEvent
* Field dismissalMessage was added to object type ReviewDismissedEvent

### The following changes will be made to the schema:

* On member ReviewDismissedEvent.message: message will be removed. Use dismissalMessage instead. Effective 2019-07-01.
* On member ReviewDismissedEvent.messageHtml: messageHtml will be removed. Use dismissalMessageHTML instead. Effective 2019-07-01.

## Schema changes for 2019-02-04

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field deployments was added to object type Commit
* Argument orderBy: DeploymentOrder added to field Repository.deployments
* Type UpdateBusinessTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessTeamDiscussionsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessTeamDiscussionsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessRepositoryProjectsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessRepositoryProjectsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessProfileInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessProfilePayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessOrganizationProjectsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessOrganizationProjectsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingPayload was added
* Type UpdateBusinessAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput was added
* Type UpdateBusinessAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingPayload was added
* Type RemoveBusinessBillingManagerInput was added
* Type RemoveBusinessBillingManagerPayload was added
* Type RemoveBusinessAdminInput was added
* Type RemoveBusinessAdminPayload was added
* Type InviteBusinessBillingManagerInput was added
* Type InviteBusinessBillingManagerPayload was added
* Type InviteBusinessAdminInput was added
* Type InviteBusinessAdminPayload was added
* Type CancelBusinessBillingManagerInvitationInput was added
* Type CancelBusinessBillingManagerInvitationPayload was added
* Type CancelBusinessAdminInvitationInput was added
* Type CancelBusinessAdminInvitationPayload was added
* Type AcceptBusinessMemberInvitationInput was added
* Type AcceptBusinessMemberInvitationPayload was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitationEdge was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitationConnection was added
* Type DeploymentOrderField was added
* Type DeploymentOrder was added

### The Unified business identity preview includes these changes:

* Field updateBusinessTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessTeamDiscussionsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessRepositoryProjectsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessProfile was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessOrganizationProjectsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanDeleteIssuesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessDefaultRepositoryPermissionSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field updateBusinessAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSetting was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeBusinessBillingManager was added to object type Mutation
* Field removeBusinessAdmin was added to object type Mutation
* Field inviteBusinessBillingManager was added to object type Mutation
* Field inviteBusinessAdmin was added to object type Mutation
* Field cancelBusinessBillingManagerInvitation was added to object type Mutation
* Field cancelBusinessAdminInvitation was added to object type Mutation
* Field acceptBusinessMemberInvitation was added to object type Mutation
* Field businessMemberInvitationByToken was added to object type Query
* Field businessMemberInvitation was added to object type Query
* Field business was added to object type Query
* Type BusinessRepositoryInfo was added
* Type OrganizationOrderField was added
* Type OrganizationOrder was added
* Type BusinessBillingInfo was added
* Type BusinessEnabledSettingValue was added
* Type BusinessPendingMemberInvitationConnection was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitationRole was added
* Type BusinessMemberInvitation was added
* Type BusinessMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingValue was added
* Type BusinessDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingValue was added
* Type BusinessEnabledDisabledSettingValue was added
* Type BusinessAdminInfo was added
* Type Business was added

## Schema changes for 2019-01-31

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* CodeOfConduct object implements Node interface
* Field resourcePath was added to object type CodeOfConduct
* Field id was added to object type CodeOfConduct
* Type PullRequestReviewThreadEdge was added
* Type PullRequestReviewThreadConnection was added

### The Pull Requests Preview preview includes these changes:

* Field reviewThreads was added to object type PullRequest

## Schema changes for 2019-01-30

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* CodeOfConduct object implements Node interface
* Field resourcePath was added to object type CodeOfConduct
* Field id was added to object type CodeOfConduct
* Type PullRequestReviewThreadEdge was added
* Type PullRequestReviewThreadConnection was added

### The Pull Requests Preview preview includes these changes:

* Field reviewThreads was added to object type PullRequest

## Schema changes for 2019-01-19

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field pendingMembers was added to object type Organization

## Schema changes for 2019-01-18

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Enum value ROCKET was added to enum ReactionContent
* Enum value EYES was added to enum ReactionContent

## Schema changes for 2019-01-16

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field issueContributions was added to object type ContributionsCollection
* Type CreatedIssueContributionConnection was added

## Schema changes for 2019-01-11

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* PullRequestReview object implements Reactable interface
* Field viewerCanReact was added to object type PullRequestReview
* Field reactions was added to object type PullRequestReview
* Field reactionGroups was added to object type PullRequestReview

### The Hovercards preview includes these changes:

* Argument includeNotificationContexts: Boolean added to field PullRequest.hovercard
* Argument includeNotificationContexts: Boolean added to field Issue.hovercard

## Schema changes for 2019-01-08

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field protectedBranch was removed from object type ReviewDismissalAllowance
* Field protectedBranch was removed from object type PushAllowance

## Schema changes for 2019-01-05

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Type DeleteIssueInput was added
* Type DeleteIssuePayload was added

### The Issues Preview preview includes these changes:

* Field deleteIssue was added to object type Mutation

## Schema changes for 2019-01-03

### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

* Field UpdateTopicsPayload.repository changed type from Repository! to Repository
* Field UpdateSubscriptionPayload.subscribable changed type from Subscribable! to Subscribable
* Field UpdatePullRequestReviewCommentPayload.pullRequestReviewComment changed type from PullRequestReviewComment! to PullRequestReviewComment
* Field UpdatePullRequestReviewPayload.pullRequestReview changed type from PullRequestReview! to PullRequestReview
* Field UpdateProjectColumnPayload.projectColumn changed type from ProjectColumn! to ProjectColumn
* Field UpdateProjectCardPayload.projectCard changed type from ProjectCard! to ProjectCard
* Field UpdateProjectPayload.project changed type from Project! to Project
* Field SubmitPullRequestReviewPayload.pullRequestReview changed type from PullRequestReview! to PullRequestReview
* Field RequestReviewsPayload.requestedReviewersEdge changed type from UserEdge! to UserEdge
* Field RequestReviewsPayload.pullRequest changed type from PullRequest! to PullRequest
* Field RemoveStarPayload.starrable changed type from Starrable! to Starrable
* Field RemoveReactionPayload.subject changed type from Reactable! to Reactable
* Field RemoveReactionPayload.reaction changed type from Reaction! to Reaction
* Field RemoveOutsideCollaboratorPayload.removedUser changed type from User! to User
* Field MoveProjectColumnPayload.columnEdge changed type from ProjectColumnEdge! to ProjectColumnEdge
* Field MoveProjectCardPayload.cardEdge changed type from ProjectCardEdge! to ProjectCardEdge
* Field DismissPullRequestReviewPayload.pullRequestReview changed type from PullRequestReview! to PullRequestReview
* Field DeletePullRequestReviewPayload.pullRequestReview changed type from PullRequestReview! to PullRequestReview
* Field DeleteProjectColumnPayload.project changed type from Project! to Project
* Field DeleteProjectColumnPayload.deletedColumnId changed type from ID! to ID
* Field DeleteProjectCardPayload.deletedCardId changed type from ID! to ID
* Field DeleteProjectCardPayload.column changed type from ProjectColumn! to ProjectColumn
* Field DeleteProjectPayload.owner changed type from ProjectOwner! to ProjectOwner
* Field DeclineTopicSuggestionPayload.topic changed type from Topic! to Topic
* Field CreateProjectPayload.project changed type from Project! to Project
* Field AddStarPayload.starrable changed type from Starrable! to Starrable
* Field AddReactionPayload.subject changed type from Reactable! to Reactable
* Field AddReactionPayload.reaction changed type from Reaction! to Reaction
* Field AddPullRequestReviewCommentPayload.commentEdge changed type from PullRequestReviewCommentEdge! to PullRequestReviewCommentEdge
* Field AddPullRequestReviewCommentPayload.comment changed type from PullRequestReviewComment! to PullRequestReviewComment
* Field AddPullRequestReviewPayload.reviewEdge changed type from PullRequestReviewEdge! to PullRequestReviewEdge
* Field AddPullRequestReviewPayload.pullRequestReview changed type from PullRequestReview! to PullRequestReview
* Field AddProjectColumnPayload.project changed type from Project! to Project
* Field AddProjectColumnPayload.columnEdge changed type from ProjectColumnEdge! to ProjectColumnEdge
* Field AddProjectCardPayload.projectColumn changed type from Project! to ProjectColumn
* Field AddProjectCardPayload.cardEdge changed type from ProjectCardEdge! to ProjectCardEdge
* Field AddCommentPayload.timelineEdge changed type from IssueTimelineItemEdge! to IssueTimelineItemEdge
* Field AddCommentPayload.subject changed type from Node! to Node
* Field AddCommentPayload.commentEdge changed type from IssueCommentEdge! to IssueCommentEdge
* Field AcceptTopicSuggestionPayload.topic changed type from Topic! to Topic