# GraphQL changelog for 2023

GraphQL schema changes from 2023.


[2026](2026) · [2025](2025) · [2024](2024) · **2023** · [2022](2022) · [2021](2021) · [2020](2020) · [2019](2019) · [2018](2018) · [2017](2017)


## Schema changes for 2023-11-30


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type CreateUserListInput was added
- Type CreateUserListPayload was added
- Type DeleteUserListInput was added
- Type DeleteUserListPayload was added
- Type UpdateUserListInput was added
- Type UpdateUserListPayload was added
- Type UpdateUserListsForItemInput was added
- Type UpdateUserListsForItemPayload was added
- Type UserList was added
- Type UserListConnection was added
- Type UserListEdge was added
- Type UserListItems was added
- Type UserListItemsConnection was added
- Type UserListItemsEdge was added
- Type UserListSuggestion was added
- Field createUserList was added to object type Mutation
- Field deleteUserList was added to object type Mutation
- Field updateUserList was added to object type Mutation
- Field updateUserListsForItem was added to object type Mutation
- Field lists was added to object type User
- Field suggestedListNames was added to object type User







## Schema changes for 2023-11-22


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type UnsubscribeFromNotificationsInput was added
- Type UnsubscribeFromNotificationsPayload was added
- Field unsubscribeFromNotifications was added to object type Mutation







## Schema changes for 2023-11-18


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput was added
- Type UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityPayload was added
- Field updatePatreonSponsorability was added to object type Mutation







## Schema changes for 2023-11-17


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type MemberFeatureRequestNotification was added
- Field paymentSource was added to object type SponsorsActivity







## Schema changes for 2023-11-14


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type SponsorshipPaymentSource was added
- Field paymentSource was added to object type Sponsorship







## Schema changes for 2023-11-04


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type AbortRepositoryMigrationInput was added
- Type AbortRepositoryMigrationPayload was added
- Field abortRepositoryMigration was added to object type Mutation
- PullRequestReview object implements Minimizable interface
- Field isMinimized was added to object type PullRequestReview
- Field minimizedReason was added to object type PullRequestReview
- Field viewerCanMinimize was added to object type PullRequestReview







## Schema changes for 2023-11-01


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value 'FILE_PATH_PATTERNwas removed from enumRepositoryRuleType'







## Schema changes for 2023-10-23


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field roleName was added to object type PermissionSource







## Schema changes for 2023-10-17


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value 'TRANSFERRING_OWNERSHIPwas added to enumRepositoryLockReason'







## Schema changes for 2023-10-12


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value NPM was added to enum SocialAccountProvider







## Schema changes for 2023-10-11


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type WorkflowFileReference was added
- Type WorkflowFileReferenceInput was added
- Type WorkflowsParameters was added
- Type WorkflowsParametersInput was added
- Enum value AUTHORIZATION was added to enum RepositoryRuleType
- Enum value 'FILE_PATH_PATTERNwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'LOCK_BRANCHwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'MAX_REF_UPDATESwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'MERGE_QUEUEwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'MERGE_QUEUE_LOCKED_REFwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'REQUIRED_REVIEW_THREAD_RESOLUTIONwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'REQUIRED_WORKFLOW_STATUS_CHECKSwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'RULESET_REQUIRED_SIGNATURESwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value 'SECRET_SCANNINGwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Enum value TAG was added to enum RepositoryRuleType
- Enum value WORKFLOWS was added to enum RepositoryRuleType
- Enum value 'WORKFLOW_UPDATESwas added to enumRepositoryRuleType'
- Member WorkflowsParameters was added to Union type RuleParameters
- Input field workflows of type WorkflowsParametersInput was added to input object type RuleParametersInput







## Schema changes for 2023-10-07


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field preventSelfReview was added to object type DeploymentProtectionRule
- Input field preventSelfReview of type Boolean was added to input object type UpdateEnvironmentInput







## Schema changes for 2023-09-27


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field issue was added to object type CreateLinkedBranchPayload







## Schema changes for 2023-09-22


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field isAnswered was added to object type Discussion
- Argument answered: Boolean added to field Repository.discussions







## Schema changes for 2023-09-13


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field repositoryRuleset was added to object type RepositoryRule







## Schema changes for 2023-09-12


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type ContributingGuidelines was added
- Field contributingGuidelines was added to object type Repository







## Schema changes for 2023-09-12


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field archivedAt was added to object type Organization







## Schema changes for 2023-09-08


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type EnterpriseConnection was added
- Type EnterpriseEdge was added
- Type EnterpriseMembershipType was added
- Type EnterpriseOrder was added
- Type EnterpriseOrderField was added
- Field enterprises was added to object type User







## Schema changes for 2023-08-14


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type AddPullRequestReviewThreadReplyInput was added
- Type AddPullRequestReviewThreadReplyPayload was added
- Type PullRequestBranchUpdateMethod was added
- Field githubEnterpriseImporterIpAddresses was added to object type GitHubMetadata
- Field addPullRequestReviewThreadReply was added to object type Mutation
- Input field updateMethod of type PullRequestBranchUpdateMethod was added to input object type UpdatePullRequestBranchInput







## Schema changes for 2023-07-31


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field Organization.repositories
- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field Repository.forks
- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field RepositoryOwner.repositories
- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field Topic.repositories
- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field User.repositories
- Argument hasIssues: Boolean added to field User.repositoriesContributedTo
- Argument hasIssuesEnabled: Boolean added to field User.watching







## Schema changes for 2023-07-21


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type SubscribableThread was added
- Type ThreadSubscriptionFormAction was added
- Type ThreadSubscriptionState was added
- Issue object implements SubscribableThread interface
- Field viewerThreadSubscriptionFormAction was added to object type Issue
- Field viewerThreadSubscriptionStatus was added to object type Issue







## Schema changes for 2023-07-19


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument includePrivate: Boolean (with default value) added to field Organization.sponsorsActivities
- Argument includePrivate: Boolean (with default value) added to field Sponsorable.sponsorsActivities
- Argument includePrivate: Boolean (with default value) added to field User.sponsorsActivities







## Schema changes for 2023-07-13


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type EnvironmentOrderField was added
- Type Environments was added
- Argument orderBy: Environments (with default value) added to field Repository.environments







## Schema changes for 2023-07-12


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Member Bot was added to Union type RequestedReviewer







## Schema changes for 2023-07-11


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument login: String added to field Organization.mannequins







## Schema changes for 2023-07-10


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type OrgOauthAppAccessBlockedAuditEntry was added
- Type OrgOauthAppAccessUnblockedAuditEntry was added
- Type RepositoryIdConditionTarget was added
- Type RepositoryIdConditionTargetInput was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetBypassActorBypassMode was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput was added
- Type RuleBypassMode was removed
- Input field bypassActors of type '[RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput!]was added to input object typeCreateRepositoryRulesetInput'
- Input field bypassActorIds was removed from input object type CreateRepositoryRulesetInput
- Input field bypassMode was removed from input object type CreateRepositoryRulesetInput
- Input field CreateTeamDiscussionCommentInput.body changed type from String! to String
- Input field CreateTeamDiscussionCommentInput.discussionId changed type from ID! to ID
- Input field CreateTeamDiscussionInput.body changed type from String! to String
- Input field CreateTeamDiscussionInput.teamId changed type from ID! to ID
- Input field CreateTeamDiscussionInput.title changed type from String! to String
- Argument isArchived: Boolean added to field Organization.repositories
- Member OrgOauthAppAccessBlockedAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
- Member OrgOauthAppAccessUnblockedAuditEntry was added to Union type OrganizationAuditEntry
- Field color was added to object type 'ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue'
- Field description was added to object type 'ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue'
- Field descriptionHTML was added to object type 'ProjectV2ItemFieldSingleSelectValue'
- Field color was added to object type 'ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption'
- Field description was added to object type 'ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption'
- Field descriptionHTML was added to object type 'ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOption'
- Field path was added to object type PullRequestThread
- Field subjectType was added to object type PullRequestThread
- Argument isArchived: Boolean added to field RepositoryOwner.repositories
- Field repositoryId was added to object type RepositoryRuleConditions
- Input field repositoryId of type RepositoryIdConditionTargetInput was added to input object type RepositoryRuleConditionsInput
- Field bypassMode was removed from object type RepositoryRuleset
- Field bypassMode was added to object type RepositoryRulesetBypassActor
- Field organizationAdmin was added to object type RepositoryRulesetBypassActor
- Field repositoryRoleDatabaseId was added to object type RepositoryRulesetBypassActor
- Field repositoryRoleName was added to object type RepositoryRulesetBypassActor
- Field currentPrivacyLevel was added to object type SponsorsActivity
- Input field bypassActors of type '[RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput!]was added to input object typeUpdateRepositoryRulesetInput'
- Input field bypassActorIds was removed from input object type UpdateRepositoryRulesetInput
- Input field bypassMode was removed from input object type UpdateRepositoryRulesetInput
- Argument isArchived: Boolean added to field User.repositories





### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member CreateTeamDiscussionCommentInput.body:body will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionCommentInput.discussionId:discussionId will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionCommentPayload.teamDiscussionComment:teamDiscussionComment will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionInput.body:body will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionInput.private:private will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionInput.teamId:teamId will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionInput.title:title will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member CreateTeamDiscussionPayload.teamDiscussion:teamDiscussion will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.authorAssociation:authorAssociation will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.bodyVersion:bodyVersion will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.comments:comments will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.commentsResourcePath:commentsResourcePath will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.commentsUrl:commentsUrl will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.isPinned:isPinned will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.isPrivate:isPrivate will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.number:number will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.resourcePath:resourcePath will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.team:team will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.title:title will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.url:url will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussion.viewerCanPin:viewerCanPin will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.authorAssociation:authorAssociation will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.bodyVersion:bodyVersion will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.discussion:discussion will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.number:number will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.resourcePath:resourcePath will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.
- On member TeamDiscussionComment.url:url will be removed. Follow the guide at https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/ to find a suitable replacement. Effective 2024-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-06-20


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value SWIFT was added to enum DependencyGraphEcosystem
- Default value for argument includeParents on field Organization.rulesets changed from false to true
- Argument 'names: [String!]added to fieldProjectV2SingleSelectField.options'
- Argument includeParents: Boolean (with default value) added to field Repository.ruleset
- Default value for argument includeParents on field Repository.rulesets changed from false to true
- Enum value SWIFT was added to enum SecurityAdvisoryEcosystem







## Schema changes for 2023-06-16


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'ProjectV2Actor' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2ActorConnection' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2ActorEdge' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2Collaborator' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2Roles' was added
- Type 'UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput' was added
- Type 'UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsPayload' was added
- Field 'updateProjectV2Collaboratorswas added to object typeMutation'







## Schema changes for 2023-06-13


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput' was added
- Type 'MarkProjectV2AsTemplatePayload' was added
- Type 'UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput' was added
- Type 'UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplatePayload' was added
- Field 'markProjectV2AsTemplatewas added to object typeMutation'
- Field 'unmarkProjectV2AsTemplatewas added to object typeMutation'
- Enum value 'ORGANIZATION_ALWAYSwas added to enumRuleBypassMode'
- Enum value 'ORGANIZATION_NONEwas added to enumRuleBypassMode'
- Enum value 'ORGANIZATION_PRS_ONLYwas added to enumRuleBypassMode'







## Schema changes for 2023-06-09


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type WorkflowRunFile was added
- Field file was added to object type WorkflowRun







## Schema changes for 2023-06-07


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value 'FAILED_VALIDATIONwas added to enumOrganizationMigrationState'
- Enum value 'PENDING_VALIDATIONwas added to enumOrganizationMigrationState'







## Schema changes for 2023-06-06


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Issue object implements Deletable interface
- Field viewerCanDelete was added to object type Issue







## Schema changes for 2023-06-01


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field ruleset was added to object type Organization
- Field ruleset was added to object type Repository
- Field createdAt was added to object type RepositoryRuleset
- Field updatedAt was added to object type RepositoryRuleset







## Schema changes for 2023-05-31


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field warningsCount was added to interface Migration
- Field warningsCount was added to object type RepositoryMigration







## Schema changes for 2023-04-21


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field BranchNamePatternParameters.name changed type from String! to String
- Field BranchNamePatternParameters.operator changed type from String to String!
- Field BranchNamePatternParameters.pattern changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitAuthorEmailPatternParameters.name changed type from String! to String
- Field CommitAuthorEmailPatternParameters.operator changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitAuthorEmailPatternParameters.pattern changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitMessagePatternParameters.name changed type from String! to String
- Field CommitMessagePatternParameters.operator changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitMessagePatternParameters.pattern changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitterEmailPatternParameters.name changed type from String! to String
- Field CommitterEmailPatternParameters.operator changed type from String to String!
- Field CommitterEmailPatternParameters.pattern changed type from String to String!
- Field PullRequestParameters.dismissStaleReviewsOnPush changed type from Boolean to Boolean!
- Field PullRequestParameters.requireCodeOwnerReview changed type from Boolean to Boolean!
- Field PullRequestParameters.requireLastPushApproval changed type from Boolean to Boolean!
- Field PullRequestParameters.requiredApprovingReviewCount changed type from Int to Int!
- Field PullRequestParameters.requiredReviewThreadResolution changed type from Boolean to Boolean!
- Field RefNameConditionTarget.exclude changed type from '[String!]to[String!]!'
- Field RefNameConditionTarget.include changed type from '[String!]to[String!]!'
- Field RepositoryNameConditionTarget.exclude changed type from '[String!]to[String!]!'
- Field RepositoryNameConditionTarget.include changed type from '[String!]to[String!]!'
- Field RequiredDeploymentsParameters.requiredDeploymentEnvironments changed type from '[String!]to[String!]!'
- Field RequiredStatusChecksParameters.requiredStatusChecks changed type from '[StatusCheckConfiguration!]to[StatusCheckConfiguration!]!'
- Field RequiredStatusChecksParameters.strictRequiredStatusChecksPolicy changed type from Boolean to Boolean!
- Field StatusCheckConfiguration.context changed type from String to String!
- Field StatusCheckConfiguration.integrationId changed type from Int! to Int
- Field TagNamePatternParameters.name changed type from String! to String
- Field TagNamePatternParameters.operator changed type from String to String!
- Field TagNamePatternParameters.pattern changed type from String to String!
- Field UpdateParameters.updateAllowsFetchAndMerge changed type from Boolean to Boolean!







## Schema changes for 2023-04-20


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field assignees was added to object type IssueTemplate







## Schema changes for 2023-04-19


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field labels was added to object type IssueTemplate
- Workflow object implements UniformResourceLocatable interface
- Field resourcePath was added to object type Workflow
- Field url was added to object type Workflow







## Schema changes for 2023-04-18


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type BranchNamePatternParameters was added
- Type BranchNamePatternParametersInput was added
- Type BypassActor was added
- Type CommitAuthorEmailPatternParameters was added
- Type CommitAuthorEmailPatternParametersInput was added
- Type CommitMessagePatternParameters was added
- Type CommitMessagePatternParametersInput was added
- Type CommitterEmailPatternParameters was added
- Type CommitterEmailPatternParametersInput was added
- Type CreateRepositoryRulesetInput was added
- Type CreateRepositoryRulesetPayload was added
- Type DeleteRepositoryRulesetInput was added
- Type DeleteRepositoryRulesetPayload was added
- Type PullRequestParameters was added
- Type PullRequestParametersInput was added
- Type RefNameConditionTarget was added
- Type RefNameConditionTargetInput was added
- Type RepositoryNameConditionTarget was added
- Type RepositoryNameConditionTargetInput was added
- Type RepositoryRule was added
- Type RepositoryRuleConditions was added
- Type RepositoryRuleConditionsInput was added
- Type RepositoryRuleConnection was added
- Type RepositoryRuleEdge was added
- Type RepositoryRuleInput was added
- Type RepositoryRuleType was added
- Type RepositoryRuleset was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetBypassActor was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetBypassActorConnection was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetBypassActorEdge was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetConnection was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetEdge was added
- Type RepositoryRulesetTarget was added
- Type RequiredDeploymentsParameters was added
- Type RequiredDeploymentsParametersInput was added
- Type RequiredStatusChecksParameters was added
- Type RequiredStatusChecksParametersInput was added
- Type RuleBypassMode was added
- Type RuleEnforcement was added
- Type RuleParameters was added
- Type RuleParametersInput was added
- Type RuleSource was added
- Type StatusCheckConfiguration was added
- Type StatusCheckConfigurationInput was added
- Type TagNamePatternParameters was added
- Type TagNamePatternParametersInput was added
- Type UpdateParameters was added
- Type UpdateParametersInput was added
- Type UpdateRepositoryRulesetInput was added
- Type UpdateRepositoryRulesetPayload was added
- Field createRepositoryRuleset was added to object type Mutation
- Field deleteRepositoryRuleset was added to object type Mutation
- Field updateRepositoryRuleset was added to object type Mutation
- Field rulesets was added to object type Organization
- Field rulesets was added to object type Repository







## Schema changes for 2023-04-14


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type BulkSponsorship was added
- Type CreateSponsorshipsInput was added
- Type CreateSponsorshipsPayload was added
- Field createSponsorships was added to object type Mutation
- Field autoDismissedAt was added to object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert
- Enum value 'AUTO_DISMISSEDwas added to enumRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertState'
- Field viaBulkSponsorship was added to object type SponsorsActivity







## Schema changes for 2023-04-13


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type AddedToMergeQueueEvent was added
- Type DequeuePullRequestInput was added
- Type DequeuePullRequestPayload was added
- Type EnqueuePullRequestInput was added
- Type EnqueuePullRequestPayload was added
- Type MergeQueue was added
- Type MergeQueueConfiguration was added
- Type MergeQueueEntry was added
- Type MergeQueueEntryConnection was added
- Type MergeQueueEntryEdge was added
- Type MergeQueueEntryState was added
- Type MergeQueueMergingStrategy was added
- Type RemovedFromMergeQueueEvent was added
- Field dequeuePullRequest was added to object type Mutation
- Field enqueuePullRequest was added to object type Mutation
- Field mergeQueueEntry was added to object type PullRequest
- Member AddedToMergeQueueEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItems
- Member RemovedFromMergeQueueEvent was added to Union type PullRequestTimelineItems
- Field mergeQueue was added to object type Repository







## Schema changes for 2023-04-11


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field archivedAt was added to object type Repository
- Field archivedAt was added to interface RepositoryInfo







## Schema changes for 2023-04-08


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type TeamNotificationSetting was added
- Argument notificationSetting: TeamNotificationSetting added to field Organization.teams
- Field notificationSetting was added to object type Team







## Schema changes for 2023-04-07


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field fixReason (deprecated) was removed from object type RepositoryVulnerabilityAlert







## Schema changes for 2023-04-04


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Input field AddPullRequestReviewThreadInput.line changed type from Int! to Int







## Schema changes for 2023-04-03


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type BigInt was added
- Field fullDatabaseId was added to object type Issue
- Field fullDatabaseId was added to object type IssueComment
- Field fullDatabaseId was added to object type PinnedIssue







## Schema changes for 2023-04-01


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value SUCCESS was added to enum DeploymentState





### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member Commit.pushedDate:pushedDate will be removed. Effective 2023-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-03-29


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Input field AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.body changed type from String! to String





### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.body:body will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.commitOID:commitOID will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.inReplyTo:inReplyTo will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.path:path will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.position:position will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.pullRequestId:pullRequestId will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput.pullRequestReviewId:pullRequestReviewId will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member AddPullRequestReviewInput.comments:comments will be removed. use the threads argument instead Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member PullRequestReviewComment.originalPosition:originalPosition will be removed. Effective 2023-10-01.
- On member PullRequestReviewComment.position:position will be removed. Use the line and startLine fields instead, which are file line numbers instead of diff line numbers Effective 2023-10-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-03-28


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type PullRequestReviewThreadSubjectType was added
- Input field subjectType was added to input object type AddPullRequestReviewThreadInput
- Field subjectType was added to object type PullRequestReviewComment
- Field subjectType was added to object type PullRequestReviewThread







## Schema changes for 2023-03-24


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field line was added to object type PullRequestReviewComment
- Field originalLine was added to object type PullRequestReviewComment
- Field originalStartLine was added to object type PullRequestReviewComment
- Field startLine was added to object type PullRequestReviewComment







## Schema changes for 2023-03-23


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type EnterpriseServerInstallationMembershipConnection was added
- Type EnterpriseServerInstallationMembershipEdge was added
- Type WorkflowState was added
- Input field CreateMigrationSourceInput.url changed type from String! to String
- Field enterpriseInstallations was added to object type EnterpriseUserAccount
- Input field StartRepositoryMigrationInput.accessToken changed type from String! to String
- Input field StartRepositoryMigrationInput.sourceRepositoryUrl changed type from URI! to URI
- Field pronouns was added to object type User
- Field state was added to object type Workflow







## Schema changes for 2023-03-16


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type CloseDiscussionInput was added
- Type CloseDiscussionPayload was added
- Type 'DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput' was added
- Type 'DeleteProjectV2WorkflowPayload' was added
- Type DiscussionCloseReason was added
- Type DiscussionState was added
- Type DiscussionStateReason was added
- Type ReopenDiscussionInput was added
- Type ReopenDiscussionPayload was added
- Field viewerCanClose was added to interface Closable
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to interface Closable
- Field stateReason was added to object type Discussion
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type Discussion
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type Discussion
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type Issue
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type Issue
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type Milestone
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type Milestone
- Field closeDiscussion was added to object type Mutation
- Field 'deleteProjectV2Workflowwas added to object typeMutation'
- Field reopenDiscussion was added to object type Mutation
- Argument 'states: [DiscussionState!]added to fieldOrganization.repositoryDiscussions'
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type Project
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type Project
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type 'ProjectV2'
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type 'ProjectV2'
- Field viewerCanClose was added to object type PullRequest
- Field viewerCanReopen was added to object type PullRequest
- Field viewerCanUpdateBranch was added to object type PullRequest
- Argument 'states: [DiscussionState!]added to fieldRepository.discussions'
- Argument 'states: [DiscussionState!]added to fieldRepositoryDiscussionAuthor.repositoryDiscussions'
- Argument 'states: [DiscussionState!]added to fieldUser.repositoryDiscussions'







## Schema changes for 2023-03-11


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument login: String added to field Repository.collaborators







## Schema changes for 2023-03-07


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field template was added to object type 'ProjectV2'







## Schema changes for 2023-03-03


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type SocialAccount was added
- Type SocialAccountConnection was added
- Type SocialAccountEdge was added
- Type SocialAccountProvider was added
- Field socialAccounts was added to object type User







## Schema changes for 2023-03-01


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field requiredDeploymentEnvironments was added to object type BranchProtectionRule
- Field requiresDeployments was added to object type BranchProtectionRule
- Input field requiredDeploymentEnvironments was added to input object type CreateBranchProtectionRuleInput
- Input field requiresDeployments was added to input object type CreateBranchProtectionRuleInput
- Input field requiredDeploymentEnvironments was added to input object type UpdateBranchProtectionRuleInput
- Input field requiresDeployments was added to input object type UpdateBranchProtectionRuleInput
- Field event was added to object type WorkflowRun







## Schema changes for 2023-02-24


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Input field expectedHeadOid was added to input object type EnablePullRequestAutoMergeInput







## Schema changes for 2023-02-22


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'CreateProjectV2FieldInput' was added
- Type 'CreateProjectV2FieldPayload' was added
- Type 'DeleteProjectV2FieldInput' was added
- Type 'DeleteProjectV2FieldPayload' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2CustomFieldType' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput' was added
- Field 'createProjectV2Fieldwas added to object typeMutation'
- Field 'deleteProjectV2Fieldwas added to object typeMutation'







## Schema changes for 2023-02-16


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Enum value 'ROADMAP_LAYOUTwas added to enumProjectV2ViewLayout'







## Schema changes for 2023-02-15


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Field vulnerabilityAlert was added to object type Repository







## Schema changes for 2023-02-11


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'DeleteProjectV2Input' was added
- Type 'DeleteProjectV2Payload' was added
- Field 'deleteProjectV2was added to object typeMutation'







## Schema changes for 2023-02-09


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'ProjectV2Workflow' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2WorkflowConnection' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2WorkflowEdge' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2WorkflowOrder' was added
- Type 'ProjectV2WorkflowsOrderField' was added
- Field workflow was added to object type 'ProjectV2'
- Field workflows was added to object type 'ProjectV2'







## Schema changes for 2023-02-08


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:






### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member MergeQueueEntry.baseOid:baseOid will be removed. Use baseCommit instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.headOid:headOid will be removed. Use headCommit instead. Effective 2023-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-02-07


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:






### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member MergeQueue.headOid:headOid will be removed. Use entry.headOid instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.mergeMethod:mergeMethod will be removed. Use configuration.merge_method instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.mergingEntries:mergingEntries will be removed. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.pendingRemovalEntries:pendingRemovalEntries will be removed. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.blockedByMergeConflicts:blockedByMergeConflicts will be removed. Use state instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.checkStatus:checkStatus will be removed. Use state instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.hasJumpedQueue:hasJumpedQueue will be removed. Use jump instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.isSolo:isSolo will be removed. Use solo instead. Effective 2023-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-02-05


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type 'CopyProjectV2Input' was added
- Type 'CopyProjectV2Payload' was added
- Field 'copyProjectV2was added to object typeMutation'







## Schema changes for 2023-02-03


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Discussion object implements Closable interface
- Field closed was added to object type Discussion
- Field closedAt was added to object type Discussion







## Schema changes for 2023-02-01


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:






### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member ProjectV2ItemFieldGroup.field:field will be removed. Check out the ProjectV2ItemFieldGroup#groupByField API as an example for the more capable alternative. Effective 2023-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-01-31


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type AnnouncementBanner was added
- Type EnterpriseFailedInvitationConnection was added
- Type EnterpriseFailedInvitationEdge was added
- Type OrganizationInvitationSource was added
- Enterprise object implements AnnouncementBanner interface
- Field announcement was added to object type Enterprise
- Field announcementExpiresAt was added to object type Enterprise
- Field announcementUserDismissible was added to object type Enterprise
- Field failedInvitations was added to object type EnterpriseOwnerInfo
- Argument invitationSource: OrganizationInvitationSource added to field EnterpriseOwnerInfo.pendingMemberInvitations
- Organization object implements AnnouncementBanner interface
- Field announcement was added to object type Organization
- Field announcementExpiresAt was added to object type Organization
- Field announcementUserDismissible was added to object type Organization
- Field invitationSource was added to object type OrganizationInvitation







## Schema changes for 2023-01-28


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type RemoveEnterpriseMemberInput was added
- Type RemoveEnterpriseMemberPayload was added
- Field removeEnterpriseMember was added to object type Mutation







## Schema changes for 2023-01-27


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type RevertPullRequestInput was added
- Type RevertPullRequestPayload was added
- Field revertPullRequest was added to object type Mutation





### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member MergeQueue.headOid:headOid will be removed. Use entry.headOid instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.mergeMethod:mergeMethod will be removed. Use configuration.merge_method instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.mergingEntries:mergingEntries will be removed. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueue.pendingRemovalEntries:pendingRemovalEntries will be removed. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.blockedByMergeConflicts:blockedByMergeConflicts will be removed. Use state instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.checkStatus:checkStatus will be removed. Use state instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.hasJumpedQueue:hasJumpedQueue will be removed. Use jump instead. Effective 2023-07-01.
- On member MergeQueueEntry.isSolo:isSolo will be removed. Use solo instead. Effective 2023-07-01.




## Schema changes for 2023-01-19


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument orderBy: OrganizationOrder added to field OrganizationsHovercardContext.relevantOrganizations
- Argument orderBy: OrganizationOrder added to field User.organizations







## Schema changes for 2023-01-18


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type AddProjectDraftIssueInput was removed
- Type AddProjectDraftIssuePayload was removed
- Type AddProjectNextItemInput was removed
- Type AddProjectNextItemPayload was removed
- Type DeleteProjectNextItemInput was removed
- Type DeleteProjectNextItemPayload was removed
- Type ProjectItemType was removed
- Type ProjectNext was removed
- Type ProjectNextConnection was removed
- Type ProjectNextEdge was removed
- Type ProjectNextField was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldCommon was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfiguration was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfigurationConnection was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfigurationEdge was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldConnection was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldEdge was removed
- Type ProjectNextFieldType was removed
- Type ProjectNextItem was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemConnection was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemContent was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemEdge was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemFieldValue was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemFieldValueConnection was removed
- Type ProjectNextItemFieldValueEdge was removed
- Type ProjectNextIterationField was removed
- Type ProjectNextIterationFieldConfiguration was removed
- Type ProjectNextIterationFieldIteration was removed
- Type ProjectNextOrderField was removed
- Type ProjectNextOwner was removed
- Type ProjectNextSingleSelectField was removed
- Type ProjectNextSingleSelectFieldOption was removed
- Type ProjectView was removed
- Type ProjectViewConnection was removed
- Type ProjectViewEdge was removed
- Type ProjectViewLayout was removed
- Type SortBy was removed
- Type UpdateProjectDraftIssueInput was removed
- Type UpdateProjectDraftIssuePayload was removed
- Type UpdateProjectNextInput was removed
- Type UpdateProjectNextItemFieldInput was removed
- Type UpdateProjectNextItemFieldPayload was removed
- Type UpdateProjectNextPayload was removed
- Field project was removed from object type DraftIssue
- Field projectItem was removed from object type DraftIssue
- Issue object type no longer implements ProjectNextOwner interface
- Field projectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Issue
- Field projectNextItems was removed from object type Issue
- Field projectsNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Issue
- Field addProjectDraftIssue (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Field addProjectNextItem (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Field deleteProjectNextItem (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Field updateProjectDraftIssue (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Field updateProjectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Field updateProjectNextItemField (deprecated) was removed from object type Mutation
- Organization object type no longer implements ProjectNextOwner interface
- Field projectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Organization
- Field projectsNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Organization
- PullRequest object type no longer implements ProjectNextOwner interface
- Field projectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type PullRequest
- Field projectNextItems (deprecated) was removed from object type PullRequest
- Field projectsNext (deprecated) was removed from object type PullRequest
- Field projectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Repository
- Field projectsNext (deprecated) was removed from object type Repository
- User object type no longer implements ProjectNextOwner interface
- Field projectNext (deprecated) was removed from object type User
- Field projectsNext (deprecated) was removed from object type User







## Schema changes for 2023-01-15


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Argument includeUnpublished: Boolean added to field SponsorsListing.tiers







## Schema changes for 2023-01-10


### The GraphQL schema includes these changes:

- Type OrganizationMigration was added
- Type OrganizationMigrationState was added
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfiguration was added
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfigurationConnection was added
- Type ProjectNextFieldConfigurationEdge was added
- Type ProjectNextIterationField was added
- Type ProjectNextIterationFieldConfiguration was added
- Type ProjectNextIterationFieldIteration was added
- Type ProjectNextSingleSelectField was added
- Type ProjectNextSingleSelectFieldOption was added
- Type PublishSponsorsTierInput was added
- Type PublishSponsorsTierPayload was added
- Type RetireSponsorsTierInput was added
- Type RetireSponsorsTierPayload was added
- Type StartOrganizationMigrationInput was added
- Type StartOrganizationMigrationPayload was added
- Type StripeConnectAccount was added
- Field reactionGroups was added to object type AddReactionPayload
- Input field headRepositoryId was added to input object type CreatePullRequestInput
- Field publishSponsorsTier was added to object type Mutation
- Field retireSponsorsTier was added to object type Mutation
- Field startOrganizationMigration was added to object type Mutation
- Field totalSponsorshipAmountAsSponsorInCents was added to object type Organization
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Organization.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsor
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Organization.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsorable
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Organization.sponsorshipsAsMaintainer
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Organization.sponsorshipsAsSponsor
- Field fieldConstraints was added to object type ProjectNext
- Field projectFieldConstraint was added to object type ProjectNextItemFieldValue
- Field reactionGroups was added to object type RemoveReactionPayload
- Field hasVulnerabilityAlertsEnabled was added to object type Repository
- Field totalSponsorshipAmountAsSponsorInCents was added to interface Sponsorable
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Sponsorable.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsor
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Sponsorable.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsorable
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Sponsorable.sponsorshipsAsMaintainer
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field Sponsorable.sponsorshipsAsSponsor
- Field activeStripeConnectAccount was added to object type SponsorsListing
- Field isActive was added to object type Sponsorship
- Field author was added to object type SponsorshipNewsletter
- Input field fieldConstraintId was added to input object type UpdateProjectNextItemFieldInput
- Input field fieldWithSettingId was added to input object type UpdateProjectNextItemFieldInput
- Field totalSponsorshipAmountAsSponsorInCents was added to object type User
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field User.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsor
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field User.sponsorshipForViewerAsSponsorable
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field User.sponsorshipsAsMaintainer
- Argument activeOnly: Boolean added to field User.sponsorshipsAsSponsor





### The following changes will be made to the schema:

- On member PackageType.RUBYGEMS:RUBYGEMS will be removed. Effective 2022-12-28.
- On member PackageType.MAVEN:MAVEN will be removed. Effective 2023-02-10.